New doc about getting useful information when reporting problems. (#1586)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/reporting-problems.adoc

=== aktualizr logs with debug logging

By default, aktualizr writes logs to the systemd logger, which you can read with `journalctl -u aktualizr`. If you run aktualizr manually on the commandline, the logging is printed on stdout. The default loglevel is 2 (info). Lower loglevels are more verbose. To change the loglevel, there are two options:

* To build a new image with debug logging enabled, add `IMAGE_INSTALL_append = " aktualizr-log-debug "` to your `local.conf` and bitbake a new image. See the xref:meta-updater-usage.adoc#_aktualizr_configuration[meta-updater usage article] for more details.
* To enable debug logging on a device accessible via the commandline without building a new image, stop the aktualizr service on the device (`systemctl stop aktualizr`) and manually start aktualizr on the commandline, e.g. `aktualizr --loglevel 0`.

See also the xref:aktualizr-config-options.adoc#_logger[aktualizr configuration options article].

=== Output of aktualizr-info

See the xref:debugging-tips.adoc#_inspect_stored_info_with_aktualizr_info[debugging tips] for more information.

=== aktualizr version

> On an active device accessible via the commandline, enter `aktualizr --version`. Otherwise, you can examine the link:https://github.com/advancedtelematic/meta-updater/blob/master/recipes-sota/aktualizr/aktualizr_git.bb[aktualizr recipe in meta-updater] in your build environment and look for the `SRCREV` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On an active device accessible via the commandline, enter `aktualizr --version`. Otherwise, you can examine the aktualizr recipe in meta-updater in your build environment and look for the `SRCREV` variable. This recipe will normally be located (relative to your Yocto build directory) at `../meta-updater/recipes-sota/aktualizr/aktualizr_git.bb`.
```
As much as I'd like to hope that people will follow this instruction correctly, I strongly suspect that they'll follow your link to the latest master version of `aktualizr_git.bb` and report the version there, instead of looking at their local copy.
